docs/certificates/expert.mdx, before:

import Certificate from "@site/src/components/Certificates/Certificate";

# Expert Certifications 

## 1. **Bachelor of Computer Science (BCSc)**

<Certificate
  title="Bachelor of Computer Science (BCSc)"
  description="Degree in Computer Science covering core concepts such as algorithms, data structures, programming languages, software engineering, and system architecture."
  imageUrl={null}
  imageAlt="Bachelor of Computer Science Certification"
/>

[Click here to view certificate](https://example.com/bachelor-computer-science-certificate.pdf)  
The **Bachelor of Computer Science (BCSc)** program provided me with a comprehensive understanding of computer science fundamentals. I gained knowledge in **algorithms**, **data structures**, **programming languages**, and **software engineering** principles. Additionally, I explored topics like **system architecture**, **operating systems**, and **networking**, equipping me with the skills needed for developing software and solving complex computational problems.

---

## 2. **CS50: Introduction to Computer Science**

<Certificate
  title="CS50 Introduction to Computer Science"
  description="CS50 Introduction to Computer Science Certification"
  imageUrl="/img/CS50.jpg"
  imageAlt="CS50 Introduction to Computer Science Certification"
/>

[Click here to view certificate](https://example.com/react-certificate.pdf)  
I completed the **CS50: Introduction to Computer Science** course, which covered the fundamentals of computer science, including algorithms, data structures, and software engineering principles.

Commit message:

added new project and new certificate

docs/certificates/expert.mdx, after:

import Certificate from "@site/src/components/Certificates/Certificate";

# Expert Certifications

## 1. **AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner**

<Certificate
  title="AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner"
  description="AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner Certification"
  imageUrl="/img/aws-practitioner.jpg"
  imageAlt="AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner Certification"
/>

[Click here to view certificate](https://www.credly.com/badges/189e1d3b-7d83-49cb-874d-eddd28ef5053)  
I earned the **AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner** certification, which validates foundational knowledge of cloud concepts, AWS services, billing and pricing models, and cloud security best practices.

## 2. **Bachelor of Computer Science (BCSc)**

<Certificate
  title="Bachelor of Computer Science (BCSc)"
  description="Degree in Computer Science covering core concepts such as algorithms, data structures, programming languages, software engineering, and system architecture."
  imageUrl={null}
  imageAlt="Bachelor of Computer Science Certification"
/>

[Click here to view certificate](https://example.com/bachelor-computer-science-certificate.pdf)  
The **Bachelor of Computer Science (BCSc)** program provided me with a comprehensive understanding of computer science fundamentals. I gained knowledge in **algorithms**, **data structures**, **programming languages**, and **software engineering** principles. Additionally, I explored topics like **system architecture**, **operating systems**, and **networking**, equipping me with the skills needed for developing software and solving complex computational problems.

---

## 3. **CS50: Introduction to Computer Science**

<Certificate
  title="CS50 Introduction to Computer Science"
  description="CS50 Introduction to Computer Science Certification"
  imageUrl="/img/CS50.jpg"
  imageAlt="CS50 Introduction to Computer Science Certification"
/>

[Click here to view certificate](https://example.com/react-certificate.pdf)  
I completed the **CS50: Introduction to Computer Science** course, which covered the fundamentals of computer science, including algorithms, data structures, and software engineering principles.
